# CS-330

I write programs that are maintainable by following accepted practices as closely as I can. In addition I try to modularize components when possible. The best way to create readable and adaptable code is to understand how your code should function, and what it is doing in each step. This process allows one to simply code, and modularize code for reusability in multiple sections. Lastly, I comment as I write my code in order to help others or myself understand what the code is intending to do. Working on this project has helped me undestand and organize many lines of code in conjuction with multiple sources of code. I implemented many functions that were found online, and understanding how to use and modify that content to fit into my project is a valuable skill.

A large mindset when approaching a problem is to consider more than one solution when possible. Sometimes there are multiple solutions to a problem, so taking the first one is not always the best option. Also, problem solving begins with a true understanding of the problem. When faced with an obstacle the first step for myself is to recognize what is going wrong, and then educate myself on what is happening. Once I understand the problem, finding solutions becomes much easier. I developed these strategies while working on my 3d scene. One thing to note is that my project had many steps before reaching a suitable state. In each iteration I improved and cleaned up unnessesary code. I also combined steps from each milestone, into the final product.

Computer scientists find and create solutions using technology. A big chunk of work goes into understanding problems, and finding solutions for those problems. Many solutions may require visual solutions and working with graphics. I learned how to work within the frame of mind of math, visualization and computation throughout this project. Many computer science ventures require all three to function efficiently.
